In this lecture you will learn how to use comments in Python.
And that's something that I haven't covered yet but is super useful and helpful when programming.
So comments are something that is not executed by our compiler.
So it's not going to influence the speed of our code but it helps us as a programmer and other programmers
to read code or to understand what's going on.
And also we can comment things out where we are not sure whether we are going to use them later on or
not.
So in this case let's say we have this little piece of code where we simply say hi to every single planet
in our solar system.
So let's say at one point somebody decides hey Pluto's not a planet anymore which was already done in
the past.
So instead of deleting the code which we of course can do that we just delete it or copy or cut it out
pretty much and let's run the code again.
As you can see Pluto is not there anymore but there is another approach as well.
You can go ahead and use a hash in front of it or just before it.
That will do is it will ignore the whole line of code so it will not execute that line of code but it's
perfect for us to see what whatever we want to write there.
So let's say we want to have a little information about what is going on in our code so we can just
go ahead and use a hash and say this coach says hi to all the planets in our solar system in this case
it's super obvious right.
And I'm going to execute that.
And as you can see this code this line here does not influence our execution or our output at all.
And that is because we're using a comment.
So it's easy here right because we have only these simple lines of code.
But what if your code is super complex and you have thousands of lines of code and all your code does
different things and so forth and somebody else comes in and needs to understand your code super quickly.
So you have to imagine you work on a project and then say you are ill or you stop working for the company
or whatever then somebody else has to read your code and has to understand what's going on that he doesn't
have weeks in order to understand your code he needs to start with it and check it out and understand
directly which part of code of your code does what.
And that's why comments are super useful and important to use.
Of course you can make the code very readable by design in order to work by creating them based on specific
guidelines and approaches of course by naming them correctly for example by naming your functions correctly
and so forth.
But of course you can also use code in order to make it more readable.
So that's just a little insight for you.
Go ahead and use code whenever you see a use for it.